documented plugin documentation on documenting (#1219)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_collections_documenting.rst

Documenting modules and plugins
===============================

> Documenting modules is thoroughly documented in :ref:`module_documenting`. Plugins can be documented in a similar way to modules :ref:`plugins_documenting`, that is with ``DOCUMENTATION``, ``EXAMPLES``, and ``RETURN`` blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A comprehensive guide to documenting modules can be found in :ref:`module_documenting`. Plugins can be documented similarly to modules :ref:`plugins_documenting`, that is with ``DOCUMENTATION``, ``EXAMPLES``, and ``RETURN`` blocks.
```
